Add documentation on how to use Air in Zed (#332)
posit-dev/air: docs/editor-zed.qmd

---
title: "Zed"
editor:
  markdown:
    wrap: sentence
    canonical: true
---

[Zed](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed) is a collaborative editor with an extension system and builtin support for the [Language Server Protocol](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/).

# Installation

To use Air in Zed, you currently need to install the following two Zed extensions by running the command `zed: extensions`:

-   `R`

    -   Adds *language* support for R, teaching Zed about R file types, syntax highlighting, and other basic editor capabilities.
        This is required for Zed to detect R files and call Air on them.

    -   Adds *language server* support for R, backed by the [`languageserver`](https://github.com/REditorSupport/languageserver) R package.
        This is turned on by default, but is optional if you just want to use Air.
        The languageserver package provides a more comprehensive language server than Air.

>         While Air's language server is currently focused on formatting, this also provides help, go to definition, and other nice features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        While Air's language server is currently focused only on formatting, `languageserver` also provides help, go to definition, and other nice features.
```
